It’s really not enough for ministers to send officials,
You are treating yourself as a participant. Do you understand what I’m saying about your program?
If you stay here, you won't be alone. It will be better if you leave.
From today onwards, as the Song family has two thousand grudges, it will be an afterthought.
I have nothing to regret, not going to the Xu family,
That's true regret.
You are also a true colleague, Chairman of Decheng Group,
There are also some female servants,
It's relatively top-notch.
In fact, the price of our stay would be that we would fall to death just sitting there without being affected by the wind.
Not expensive
Kicking and running big guts